## ShizuTools
Contains some easy-to-use tools to go beyond the level of control allowed by Android System.

### Tools -
- [x] **Debloater** - Uninstall system apps and bloatware, with app information from [UAD](https://github.com/Universal-Debloater-Alliance/universal-android-debloater-next-generation).
- [x] **ThemePatcher** - Unlocks premium content for free, from the Oppo/Realme/Oneplus theme store.
- [x] **MixedAudio** - Allows multiple media apps to play at the same time, or mute audio of specific apps.
- [x] **SoundMaster** - Independent volume control for every app, play on multiple audio outputs simultaneously, and more! Requires Android 10 or later.

  ⚠ SoundMaster may not work on apps with strong copyright protection, like Spotify. In case SoundMaster crashes and some apps lose sound output, use MixedAudio to unmute them.

- [x] **LookBack** - Allows downgrade of apps, without uninstallation.
- [x] **ADB Shell** - Manually execute other raw ADB commands.
- [x] **Intent Shell** - Allows other apps (Tasker,MacroDroid,etc) to run ADB commands via intent requests.

  Intent action - `com.legendsayantan.adbtools.execute`

  Intent package - `com.legendsayantan.adbtools`

  Intent extras -

           i. `command` - The adb command to execute.

           ii. `key` - The access key generated by ShizuTools.

#### This app is still on development phase, and not everything is always reliable. Feel free to suggest new features, report bugs or contribute to the project.

### Installation
Download the latest apk from [here](https://github.com/legendsayantan/ShizuTools/releases/latest).

### License
This project is licensed under GNU General Public License v3.0.

**Note** - You must not distribute this software, whether original or modified, to any platform without its source code or the reference to its original source code. Also, uploading to any app stores is forbidden.
